[Music] [Applause]
there are you say camels kitchen I tell you that the medium term
first stop de chip pitts overnight wright phillpis de fifa food market de
tourists from history store
ah
relevant i
[Applause]
yes
[Music] [Applause]
to you and then love
crisis
[Applause] same
and
[Applause]
ah
Hello
Ah or
undo
someone
five the big fix laptop and miguel scenes
lime
for you
ah
yes
[Applause]
ah ah
ah
the kind of space can't be from the stringer fruit ran der sar electro
seeds of under the words of ireland
walk
human and women from boston
you are ah
statues of this ministry whitmore world tour
driven out
reuters
Andrews from my ex Felix
solar
or
mick andrews
bosses with peking alone
the active management day of each sector
by using yesterday in the ski pass today in fried molds
maker
maric infanta elena medel these are spheres
because today the natural environment
o bikini vision e as
by stuart
Okay
efe
Hello
take it to
if I do not know justice
télam
Let's see
In the hole
yes
luck [Music]
after bat for my next floor earlier
Williams Flying Salting
one
and
marshall do not before
in termini
latest
and me bon appétit
i
Sun
the active beard of taking I'm a stranger